it's the mustachioed miniature schnauzer
back in the day the miniature schnauzers
mustache was matted into battle armor to
protect against there scratching rodent
pray may be that tough fu-manchu's style
drew kung fu master Bruce Lee to own a
mini schnauzer some people are
intimidated by that to me they look like
little men and so I just kind of laugh
at them when I see them the breeds more
gentlemanly qualities endeared owners
like Bill Cosby Bob Dole and Mary Tyler
Moore though when miniature schnauzers
get together they're hardly gentlemen
while oil schnauzers in a group are
known to throw their heads back and howl
like wolves the miniature schnauzer is
bouncy and bold while all other Terriers
were developed on the British Isles the
miniature schnauzer is German the Terra
interior means earth these dogs were
bred to go down into the earth to hunt
running it's clear that we did a very
good job in creating dogs that are very
very courageous across the standard
schnauzer with a poodle and the
Affenpinscher and you get cute also
known as the miniature schnauzer among
the most lovable enthusiastic of all of
the dog breeds Americans seem to have a
soft spot for this dog historically one
of the most popular breeds in the United
States and steadily gaining popularity a
handsome rectangular muzzle
distinguishes the miniature schnauzer
the word schnauzer comes from the German
for muzzle a thick wiry double coat
which said dirt when the dog went to
ground for the rodents it's a fiery dog
with a wire coat and when you hear wired
head terrier this one really fits the
bill one of the things they excel at is
barking miniature schnauzers tend to be
very easily alerted and stimulated this
brie has exceptional hearing they can
hear sound frequencies twice as high as
you
and fifty percent higher than sheep
miniature schnauzers are sometimes
teamed up with German Shepherds to guard
flocks and property the sharp hearing
schnauzers will start barking to alert
the German Shepherds if there is an
intruder they seem to be predisposed to
really accomplishing something together
and they just really really enjoy
teamwork in general they're very
adaptable miniature schnauzers are a
perfect sample of a dog that does well
in almost any environment they do have
some health concerns so look out the
park and
you